our three cheetah cubs have moved deep
into the bushes towards the edge of the
reserve they've got to be careful this
area is crawling with lions and leopards
they could be in for a nasty surprise
okay the cheaters are right online for
the river they cross that way then
they're out of the reserve okay they've
gone down last one standing by the bank
there it goes
even in the open they're still very very
cautious and I'm glad to see that
they're worried about things creeping up
on them and especially when you're
drinking when you've got your head down
like that you are not in a good position
see just checks over the shoulder that's
part of the benefit of them staying
together as a group three pairs of eyes
and ears now the difference is if they
cross the river and then they're outside
of the reserve then they have to have a
totally different strategy they're not
just gonna be looking for lions and
leopards in terms of danger they're also
gonna have to keep well out of the way
of the Masai with their livestock okay
they're gonna have to jump there you go
and you know who it is it's one of the
girls what a cock-up talk about you know
hey the big girls know better than the
boys in that instance they certainly do
let's see if the third third one if the
other girl can do better they've gone
and you know what that means
moment of truth
here we go this is four-wheel drive time
okay let's go
you hang on to everything you need to
hang on typical you and that means
everything including your lunch
rollercoaster time line panic always
does it
I gotta concentrate
okay let's go for them
you